Update documentation (#190)
stlehmann/PyQt5-stubs: README.md

# Mypy stubs for the PyQt5 framework

> This repository holds the stubs of the PyQt5 framework. The stub files released by
> within the PyQt5 packages have been modified to allow using them for type-checking via Mypy. 
> Improvements over the default stubs include:
> 
> * Signals are proberly typed as signals and not as methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository holds the stubs of the PyQt5 framework. The stub files released
within the PyQt5 packages have been modified to allow using them for type-checking via mypy. 
Improvements over the default stubs include:

* Signals are properly typed as signals and not as methods
```

# Supported Modules

The modules supported by PyQt5-stubs include modules from the PyQt5 package as well as modules from the other
packages released by Riverbank Computing (PyQt3D, PyQtCharts, ...). Here is the full list

> of packages and modules:

Reviewer: It doesn't strike me as worth maintaining this big list.  It seems more useful to remove the list entirely and the user can look at the source to see the present state of provided modules.
